The most important thing about [music]
learning to get good at content is
understanding the psychology of
attention.
They go onto [music] LinkedIn and they
see bad boss content. They think, "Oh,
that's what I need to do to build a
successful business." And that's that's
[music] not true.
>> Everyone who signs up has read a
LinkedIn post of mine. You get 6.2
million ARR in 18 months.
>> That I didn't talk [music] about I think
is really important to people is this
custom button here. I think it's it's
definitely the best feature they've
built in the last few years. And we are
going to unfuck your LinkedIn, ladies
and gentlemen.
Welcome back to the show. So today we're
super happy to be joined by Will McI. He
is a LinkedIn powerhouse, folks. He has
over 400,000 followers. Uh, not to shame
Adam. Adam only has 140,000. I only have
10,000. So, Will's going to give us a
bunch. And and Adam, what is everybody
going to learn if they stick around
until the end today?
>> So, if you stick around to the end of
the show today, you're going to walk
away with three things. Number one is
you're going to figure out how Will and
I have grown to over half a million
LinkedIn followers. Number two, we're
going to talk about engagement circles
and whether or not you should use them,
which is a hot topic. And then number
three, you're going to learn how to
create a perfect profile page on
LinkedIn that'll drive 10 times the
leads that your page does right now. And
we're going to tear down audience
profile pages. And we are going to
unfuck your LinkedIn, ladies and
gentlemen.
>> Heck yeah. All right. Well, let's just
freaking dive into it. We only have, you
know, 55 minutes left. So, um I think a
great place to start. I'm curious, Will,
you have a ton of followers, 400. I
mean, you guys have half over half a
million between the two. To start, what
are you getting out of this? Like what
you post, people engage. What like what
do you actually tangibly get that that
is valuable?
>> Yeah. Um so there's probably there's
probably three things. The first one is
that I have a software business um that
my uh co-founder and I bootstrap to more
than 500k um which helps people to write
better LinkedIn content. Um and so think
like basically a um a chat GBT that
actually knows how to write uh viral
posts then it has like analytics and
commenting um or a feed to comment
faster amongst other things. So, I built
that business over the last 9 months and
bootstrapped to, you know, just over
500k. The um the other thing is is brand
partnerships just cuz like when you're
at the scale that I'm at, you um uh
brands will pay like quite a lot of
money for you to sponsored posts. So, I
think this year I'll probably do 150
topline in uh in sponsored posts.
>> By the way, that's surprising to me. I
didn't know that number was that high.
Yeah. Um,
>> I haven't done a sponsored post yet. I I
I allow agencies to do work for me for
free in exchange for visibility. So,
Taylor Herren, uh, Sam Dunning, Taylor
Herren on email, Sam Dunning on SEO and
the Understory guys and ads. They all
work for free, quote unquote, and I just
include them as characters in my build
public. Back to you.
>> Um, yeah. I mean, that's that I mean,
that's worth tons. That's worth more.
>> It's worth I think it's worth more for
them than it is for me, but it's a great
relationship.
>> Yeah, because if they get like two leads
each or like two two customers each from
you, then that pays it back
>> basically.
>> Um,
>> for sure.
>> So, there's that and then uh like I
think more broadly the um so the final
thing that I've started doing is a a
done for you personal branding agency
for CEOs who are making more than 10
million a year in ARR. Um, but like
probably the most important thing about
learning to get good at content is
understanding the psychology of
attention because like we basically have
right now millennials and boomers who
are CEOs who have no idea how to
actually capture attention and then
you're seeing people like the Culie
founders who are who have basically are
22 years old and have grown up in this
like new generation of founders where
they're not just like founder hustlers,
they're founder marketers.
And I think like the older generation
are going to get like absolutely
destroyed if they don't learn this
skill. So that's just more like a
fundamental point that uh I think is is
pretty important.
>> Well, I I I feel so heard the founder
marketer. I've just like never
identified as much with the term in my
life as that. That's like that's
awesome. That's a great way. And by the
way, uh I was talking to this super
genius who I'm talking to again
tomorrow, uh who is head of virality at
Substack. So he was helping the
newsletter writers with their social
basically was what that job is. And he
thinks about content. Viral content has
to be one of three things. It has to
have incredible substance. So think like
Huberman Labs or whatever or uh Hormosi,
right? It has to have uh incredible
concept. So for concept, it's like I
love this podcast, the founders podcast.
Dude reads the best the the biographies
of the best founders ever and makes an
hour about them. Or moneywise, Sam Par's
podcast, which is like what rich people
do with their money after they're rich.
Incredible concept, right? Or it's
spectacle, which is like the Cluey
thing, right? Or like
>> Well, what do you mean by spec Oh, like
>> spectacle is like everything that Cluey
does is spectacle, right? like uh or
like me
all the RB2B staff going leave going off
the grid for seven days and AI is
running our business like that's pure
spectacle. It is not substance. It is
not you know a concept you know a core
concept. So
>> so yeah that's what social media wants
those three things. It's like you got to
be hard on one of those three or a
couple of those three or you're toast
>> 100%. And I think the thing that a lot
of people miss is they think, "Oh, I
just need to do a launch video and and
then it ends there." But it is just like
a constant stream of ideas and
spectacles that you need to do just to
keep people to keep people interested. I
don't know if you heard about Clo
specifically, but they've created a UGC
farm of creators who they train on how
to make viral content about Cluly, which
they're bringing in now. they think um
at less than $1 per CPM per CPM.
>> I mean, that's incredible. You know,
it's just it's kind of like Andrew
Tateesque, right? Like
>> um you know, polarizing character, but
he understands what we're talking about,
right? Which brings us to how did you
get to over 400,000 subscribers? Like
how long did that take? What was the
strategy? Kind of like
>> give us give us a run.
>> I can I can give you the backstory. It's
kind of funny. Um, I started off I I
graduated from Stanford and did a VC
back company. Um, building in the crypto
space didn't didn't really work. And so
as I was closing it down, I was
thinking, okay, what can I build next?
And when I've been building it, I had
this competitor who had this huge brand
on X and he would just walk into any
meeting that he wanted and whereas I was
there, you know, like tooth and clawing
to get into like any conversation. And
it just made me realize, wow, this whole
personal brand thing is is powerful. So
as I was shutting down that old
business, I was trying to figure out
what do I build next and so I started
posting on uh on LinkedIn. Initially it
was just like whatever thoughts came to
my mind and um then over time I started
to realize oh social media is actually a
game and if you learn the frameworks on
how to uh outperform you can really do
so because there is also very little
talent in social media relatively like
you know going back to our earlier point
you don't get many founders of big
companies who devote even like one
intellectual cycle to content and that
just means means there's an arbitrage
for for smart people who decide to focus
on it. Um so yeah and then started
posting on LinkedIn and then realized
like what did I have some right to speak
about at that point in time you know I'd
worked at a few like prestigious places
like I don't know Goldman Sachs and I'
gone to Stanford and um and so I just
posted initially like career advice
content um and
>> oh LinkedIn loves that career stuff.
Yeah, cuz like thinking about the
psychology of the platform, like why do
people come on LinkedIn? Typically, it's
cuz they want to change job or they're
like unhappy in some way in their
career.
>> Um,
>> and like the the TAM for that content
was just like ginormous. Like I've I've
had now had more than like 320 million
views on my content in 18 months. And a
big part of that is that if you're
speaking to some to a lot of people,
then if it's good, it's relevant to them
as well. Yep. And by the way, my
numbers, so that's 320 million views in
18 months. I'm running I look today,
I've gotten 16 million in the last 12
months, which I think so it's 1.3
million a month. It's way less than
yours, but you know, I'm also
the TAM of what I'm talking about is
much smaller.
>> Exactly. It's like it's like the people
who are reading my stuff are people who
are trying to do the same thing that I'm
doing successfully, which is like
bootstrapping SAS startups.
>> And I think that's
>> there's a lot of them. There's a lot of
them. there's more than like public
company CEOs or whatever, but like it's
probably, you know, in the tens of
thousands of people who really care
about this stuff, you know, and if you
include go to market professionals,
maybe it's like 250,000 people like
really care about what I'm saying, you
know?
>> Yeah. And I think that's what a lot of
people miss is they they go on LinkedIn
and they see bad boss content just like
flying everywhere and they think, "Oh,
that's what I need to do to build a
successful business." And that's that's
not true. Like you can have niche
content that performs well, but it still
needs to be good.
>> Yes. I mean, well, that that's the only
thing that's going to make it work, you
know?
>> Yeah.
>> And and if you were to ask me what what
I'm getting from it, I would just drop
the RB2B public bare metrics dashboard.
And like
>> I'm not kidding you, it's all from
LinkedIn. Like we started doing ads and
email again maybe 3 months ago and now
my web traffic is now probably 20 or 25%
that but like
everyone who signs up has read a
LinkedIn post of mine
>> 100%.
>> Right. And like I don't know if the
strategy that I went after was like I
want a million followers. I'm going to
talk about HR and like you know
whatever. uh if that would actually be
the case, you know.
>> Yeah. And
>> I have
>> I was going to say Pete, like if you
already have a clear business, then it
makes sense to talk about that business.
>> But I guess I was just in a in a
transitional period where I didn't have
a new business at that point in time. Uh
so that's just what I'd say to the
audience as you think about this
yourself.
>> I have a couple questions for for each
of you actually. So, [clears throat] to
start, just cuz I I know the audience is
hearing a lot of big numbers, right?
400,000 followers, 140,000 followers.
Um, when did you when did you start,
Will? And then I'll ask the same to
Adam. When did you start posting?
>> I posted my first post on the 9th of
February, 2024.
>> That's insane,
>> dude. Are you kidding,
>> man?
>> Yeah.
>> Okay. Uh, we'll come back to you there.
Adam, when did you start?
>> I started September 2022. This was me
before Alec Paul and this is me after
Alec Paul.
>> Actually, Alec Alec started in in July.
This is me writing about e-commerce
content when we only had retention.com.
This is me when I started writing only
about B2B SAS and my experience in B2B
SAS. And then
in December, we decided to build a
product. So two months in because the
content was doing so well, we decided to
build a product to sell to these people
because we didn't have one. And that was
RB2B. And we launched RB2B in March of
2024,
but the first post was September 2022.
>> Can we make another funny observation
here? I remember getting a we having
some sort of Slack conversation maybe
somewhere around that
maybe August or September 24ish and
you're like I think we're I think I
think LinkedIn's going to start being
capped out. Like I think we've gotten
all these people and then we look at the
chart and it's just has not stopped.
>> Yeah. Yeah. I know. It's it's crazy. Now
I don't know how to unshare my screen.
Um where is this? Oh, here it is. Stop.
Share. Boom.
>> Now I'm shocked to hear you say February
of last year of 2024. So I think what
everybody's probably thinking at this
point. Uh some people may know about
them, some don't. Uh these engagement
pods, right? like these groups of people
who will kind of engage on your posts
that way they can accelerate your growth
and visibility. Uh did you use those
will?
>> In the early days I went and like met a
ton of other creators and and so like I
would do calls with other creators on
LinkedIn and I basically built like a
little tribe. So, the reason I give that
as a description is like I think
engagements pods is like a pretty
nebulous concept. Like what does that
actually mean? Um cuz like if it's a
bunch of people who you've met and who
you're talk hacking like ideas with all
the time then like that to me is is like
is how you start a startup. Like you go
and talk to people initially, you become
friends with them and uh and you grow
together. Um so I did that but I didn't
get involved in any groups of people
that like I didn't know. I didn't use
any automated tools u for anything like
that but um but I did build a community.
>> You use auto Yeah. Adam? Yeah. Tell your
experience on it. [clears throat]
>> So yeah and by the way before Alec I was
using an engagement pod strategy. I was
paying one guy specifically. I was
paying two different people with really
big followings to engage
against my posts. It definitely helped
with the distribution. The concern is
that
it was attracting an audience who was
not in my ideal customer profile either
for resent.com which sells Shopify
stores or I mean the B2B thing wasn't
even a thing at the time. Um, however, I
had zero followers and I wanted like 20
or 30,000 just for this like I don't
know like minimum viable presence of a
sort of big account or whatever. So, I
did it and it was fine. Uh, I think that
anybody who who did a breakdown of my
audience today and like what who the
people are that are commenting
given what I sell and looked at that
versus, you know, at the beginning of
2023 or whatever, they would say that
whatever I'm doing now is what I should
be doing. So, question to you, Will. Do
do you feel like I mean it's just
interesting because your content is
broad intentionally because you serve a
broad audience.
>> Um but do you feel like getting involved
in these engagement pods who comment on
each other's post? Do they attract
bots? Do they attract engagement that is
not real? Is it detrimental in any way?
Or is it just like
you might as well have these posts go as
broad as possible and that's a strategy?
You know,
>> I think you want to build a support base
of people who are posting about similar
stuff and people who are talking to the
same ideal audience because for example,
if you take you um and you were to have
a bunch of say life coaches commenting
on your posts, like the audience that
would attract is not relevant for you.
Um, but I I I think that you do need to
in the early days of your LinkedIn
journey, if you're really actually
starting from zero, you do need to build
a group of people. And I'm I don't think
you should use automations to do that. I
do think you should just get to know
people who are on the same journey and
uh and actually support each other
because like
>> and and over time this should become
less and less important because
>> um uh yeah over time this should become
less important as LinkedIn's algorithm
gets better at serving good content to
the right audience. But right now it's
not.
>> Yeah. And the other thing I would say is
that for a lot of people like they
haven't had a successful exit before or
like built a big business and so for
them getting anyone to even stop their
scroll is a lot harder than for someone
like you who'd already built a business
that had you know 20 million in ARR.
>> Yeah. I mean that sentence alone gets an
early stage founder to stop their
scroll.
>> Exactly.
>> I bootstrapped 20 million AR. It's like,
"Oh,
>> okay.
>> Let me see what else you have to say."
[laughter]
>> Yeah.
>> Yeah. 100%. And most people aren't um
aren't in that position.
>> Um so I want to dive more into this like
what may right everyone hear scroll
stopping content. Uh we're going to dive
folks, we're going to dive pretty deep
into that uh in a little bit. Couple
other things coming up. We are going to
uh go through an actual LinkedIn
profile. Uh talk about what makes a
great LinkedIn profile. Right? Once
people see your content and click on
your profile, you want them to be
somewhat impressed in who you are. Uh,
and at the end, probably with about 15
minutes left, what we're going to do,
uh, we're going to have people start
dropping in links to their posts, to
their profiles, and we're going to have
Will and Adam actually break those down,
uh, which will be awesome. So, that's
what's coming up. And, uh, I guess let's
start getting into those topics. So, I
think now's a good time to dive into the
profile. Um, yeah. So, Will, do you want
to share your screen and and kind of go
through uh what would make a great, you
know, what makes a great profile? Yeah.
And and maybe a brave soul can drop in
theirs who who knows their Oh, okay. We
already we already have some coming
through. So, we can we can uh we can
pull those up whenever. Uh but we'll
have you
>> I love Timmy, by the way. I've been on
his podcast before. He's a great guy.
Tim, thanks for thanks for being such an
awesome awesome dude.
And speaking of speaking of call out,
Sam Novak joined a couple weeks ago when
the Understory folks were on and went
through some some cold outreach. So we
got uh well well good folks.
>> So everybody, I'm going to start with a
banner that I really like um because
like maybe just stepping back. The point
of your LinkedIn profile is so that once
you've created content that uh speaks to
your target audience that they want to
learn more because typically that's what
interested people do is they go from
reading your content to trying to
understand a bit more about you and
basically if you are a fit for whatever
they're trying to do. Yeah. So, I think
the most important
um the most important thing on this
banner is that it is super clear who
Desma serves. Like you go to this you go
to her page and if you are a business
expanding in the UR UAE who needs an HR
partner, you know immediately whether
this is or is not for you. And the
biggest mistake that people make with
their LinkedIn profiles is you don't
enable people to qualify or disqualify
themsel immediately because they're
unclear. So that's what I really love uh
about this one. So the one thing I do
think there's one thing though that
potentially could be uh a bit better
here. What do you think it is?
>> While we're waiting for those to come
through, well, I just want to point out
we've had some great LinkedIn people on
the uh on on the show. I think you have
the biggest following perhaps, but I
just want to point out literally
everybody that I talk to who's good at
LinkedIn, the first thing they will tell
you if they look at a post or something
is like who is this for? That actually
expands beyond LinkedIn. It's it's for
all sort of content and copy, but like
folks when you're writing posts, writing
descriptions, like the who I mean who
like people should know if it's for them
or not. I mean very very clearly. So I
just want to point out a trend that we
hear over and over from people who are
really good at this
>> uh for the %.
>> And by the way, I was going to say the
same thing these last three comments
said.
>> Yeah.
>> It's like the CTA should punch you in
the face and it doesn't in my opinion.
>> Exactly. So, you all got it. That is the
thing that I think this banner is
missing. Um, but otherwise, I think it
is like fantastic. Um, so the the
takeaways there for you are make it
super clear in your banner who this is
for. Add social proof and have a clear
CTA that tells people what to do next,
which would typically be subscribe to
your your newsletter or follow you are
the two main ones. Or if you're
advertising a specific program, um, then
you could have that there as well. So
start with the banner. Uh, that's a fun
one that people most people get wrong.
Um, the profile picture I think is very
simple because uh really what you want
to do is just have a picture of you
close up smiling and without distracting
backgrounds. Um, so ideally, and I think
Adam has this, uh, you have a a
background that is in your brand colors
around your face. So I think Adam's is
green. Is that right, Adam?
>> Well, it's actually tan. [laughter] I I
just had one head shot come in better. I
I look better than I've ever looked in
my life. 10 times better than any other
photo. And uh that's been my head shot
since the day it got it got taken and
probably will remain that forever.
>> Nice. Um so so what people can do is
they can take a picture of you like a
close-up like this where you can see the
whites of your eyes and put it in
remove.bg and to remove the background
color and uh make it the same as your
brand colors. or you can frankly now
just put it in chat GBT or Google Gemini
Nano Banana and uh get it to create uh a
solid background for you because the AI
tools for image generation are great.
Now,
so that's it on the profile picture.
That's a pretty simple one. Um okay, now
let's talk about the headline. Uh I'm
going to I should probably pick someone
else for this next one, but uh I think
there are this headline I think is
decent. I don't think it is um as
strong. And I want you to drop in the
chat why.
And really the goal here is that you
start to build the muscle yourself um
for for noticing this stuff.
>> A lot of people saying too long. You
agree with that?
>> 100%. Too long. Because I don't know
about you all, but when I see a headline
that is four lines long, I just don't
read it.
>> Yeah.
>> And that's what I think most people do.
they see something four lines and they
just go I'm not I can't be bothered. So
um in this instance what I'd do is I
would just kill this first sentence. I'd
have helping international companies set
up
probably HR operations in the UAE and
then I would add next to it a piece of
uh clear social and relevant social
proof. So an a bad example of social
proof next to this would be Forbes 30
under 30 because it's it's totally
irrelevant for your target audience
that you've actually helped people like
them before. So what you'd more likely
want to do is have something like
trusted partner to 15 conglomerates
or something along those lines. um
because it's it it ties in with who
you're helping um immediately.
>> Uh what about this the UAE's uh top 1%
HR creator as the first thing on there?
What are your thoughts about that?
>> I'm uh personally I'm I'm not a massive
fan of that. Um it could I'm just not
sure the target audience care about it.
>> Yeah, that was that was my that was it's
like how is that helping her customers?
>> Yeah.
>> Yeah. Um, it's it's kind of similar to
when people put their best performing
LinkedIn posts in their featured
section.
Uh, cuz it's like, you know, who cares
that your post did really well? Um, not
not your target audience, that's for
sure.
>> By the way, I have a LinkedIn post in my
future section right now, but it's not
because it's the best performing. It's
because I want as many people as
possible to read about the AI stunt and
subscribe to the newsletter at the end
of the post. It's like a very different
motivation, you know.
>> Yeah. And it's about it's important just
to think about what is the goal of uh of
whatever you have there. But we'll um
maybe we'll start next by we can just
look at mine for the about section cuz I
redid this recently. Um
yeah, so I think with about sections,
what people typically do wrong is they
is they write their life story. Let me
zoom that in a bit. Um, so they'll
they'll include basically everything
they've done since they were 18 years
old and or they'll just have an AI
generated kind of buzzword soup that is
like a bunch of just a short paragraph
and that is again you're thinking about
you need to think about your target
audience in mind. So what are their pain
points and then weave in parts of your
journey that are relevant to it.
So for example here I touch on uh some
of the challenges that my target
audience have which is turning LinkedIn
into like real business growth and then
I have a little bit of social proof here
on uh what I've achieved and then my
journey in the context of not really
believing in social media but then
achieving something pretty meaningful.
Um
uh and then the next important thing to
have is how can you help whoever you
want to help? Um and just make it like
super clear. So for example, in my case,
I have a do-it-yourself product for uh
solarreneurs, cultures, solarreneurs,
coaches, and consultants. But then I
also have, you know, a done for you for
founders and CXOs. Uh so I just make it
very clear here. So the other important
thing as well that a lot of people get
wrong is they don't include line spacing
and they don't make it easy to read
because again you know when we looked at
our headline if if it's four lines
people won't bother reading it. Like
that's how short attention spans are and
the same applies here as well. Like you
need to every word needs to fight for
its place in whatever you're doing. Like
people's attention spans are just so
unbelievably short that like creating
content and creating anything on social
media is basically the equivalent of
busking on the street. Like someone's
walking past, they are going somewhere
else and you've got to say something so
interesting that they decide, okay, I
need to stop and read this and listen to
this person. And I don't know about you
in the audience, but how many times have
you stopped to someone busking?
>> It's probably not that many.
Yeah. What what does it mean? [laughter]
>> I um I I I mean a couple of things. One,
like everything you're saying applies to
I just want everyone to know really
applies to everything outside of
LinkedIn, too. Like this is how like
this idea of being ruthless about
cutting down your word count, speaking
direct like uh letting people know
exactly who you're speaking to, being
very pragmatic and and sort of concise
about what you're going to do, how
you're going to help them. like
especially online. I mean go I I almost
wish we had like I mean I know we have
screen count tallies and and as creators
you get a impression count but it would
be almost interesting to see how many
things are impressed upon you throughout
the day on your phone. I think it would
almost give us a good idea. I mean it's
thousands and thousands of pieces of
content and we're like high-speed
hunters of value. We're looking for
something funny, interesting,
insightful, whatever it is. And uh just
next time anybody's scrolling through
social media, just try to notice the
speed at which you do it because it's
it's it's truly alarming. Like I see,
you know, people scroll through TikTok.
I'm like, how do you even understanding
what what they're about to say? But we
know we're so good at instinctively
knowing within a split second if it's
going to be of value to us. And and
that's what you're showing us here is is
making sure people know within a split
second they're about to experience
value.
>> Yeah. And the thing I'd add to that,
Pete, that's why if you go on YouTube or
even on LinkedIn and you see a YouTube
video that says
all everything you need to know about
networking in 15 minutes, what you're
basically saying here is like, I'm going
to deliver a ton of value in a very
short period of time. And that's what
people are really optimizing for. They
want as much value as possible, 20 years
of Adam's experience in 60 seconds.
And they're almost like taking a bet on
you. They're like wagering their
attention. They're like, "Okay, 15
minutes networking. Like, I have 15
minutes to see that. I really do need to
learn about this. Even if I don't, it's
only 15 minutes." And you're like doing
this attention bet in your head. And
it's like otherwise I can watch, you
know, the recommended video of some guy
who set up a squirrel obstacle course in
his backyard, which like honestly pretty
intriguing. Like that's a good attention
bet as well. So, you're up against a lot
here. Uh that's YouTube obviously, but
okay. So, we have the the uh about
section. Let's get down to this. Well,
actually, let's start with the featured
uh and then we'll get down into the uh
the the experience.
>> Yeah. So, featured section. Generally,
what I recommend people putting here is
some some lead magnet of some form. So,
anything that you can get people to give
you their email address for something
valuable. So, one of the things I have I
have two different personal branding
courses. I have one that is an 8day
email sequence and because I want to get
them used to just opening my emails and
then the other one is a short video
course that I actually need to put um
put here. The I also am going to kill
this like onetoone uh onetoone coaching
thing cuz I don't really do that
anymore. And the other thing as well is
like newsletter. So all of those do
email capture. The other thing that I
think is really valuable is is having
like video testimonials here as well
because if someone has gotten to your
website or so your landing page, which
is what I basically call LinkedIn
profiles, and you have they're
interested in potentially what you sell,
and if you have social proof, ideally
like video or it could be text case
study that it seems very believable,
they're more likely to convert or take
the next step. And so, you know, here's
one. Here's a designer who helped me in
the early days of my LinkedIn journey.
And I did a video testimonial for him.
God, this was yeah, over a year ago now.
And I still today have people coming up
to me saying or who people who I talked
to saying, "Oh, I saw your video
testimonial and that's what made me pull
the trigger."
So, Adam, you could wrap that into your
package with the agencies that you help.
Yeah,
>> I think you've done that, but it's not
like a formal uh it's not like a formal
thing, but that's really interesting.
>> Yeah. Um yeah, I should do that. You're
right as a solid for them. So on mine,
um what I have right now, which is new,
I have that LinkedIn post. I'm trying to
get people to read about the fact that
we went off the grid for seven days and
AI ran our entire business because it's
spectacle. It's a stunt. Um, and there's
there's email collection at the end of
that. I have a very bad
thumbnail for RB2B. Like I just need to
change the CTA there, but like it's
literally just like trying to drive
people to the website. And then I think
that's trying to push people to the
podcast channel I have, but I should
really have a testimonial there.
>> You know what I mean? Like
>> you could also put that as your YouTube.
Push it to YouTube.
>> Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. If we're if we're if
we're if we're upping the YouTube game,
which we're trying to, then yes, push
people.
>> Also, also, as we're going more just so
like people can I want people to know
how we're thinking about this. Like Adam
and I have been talking a lot about
like, you know, people who have been
here. We have founders on here. We had
the Vimeo and College Humor founder on
last last week. This is a very tactical
episode, the week before. You know, we
kind of rotate between these tactical
and this um founder story stuff. And it
seems like this tactical stuff is very
valuable for everybody. But just going
along with that, the more tactical it
is, the more screen shares there are,
the more terrible of an experience it is
on Apple Podcast. I actually didn't
upload the Jesse Wlette one for that
exact reason onto Apple Podcast.
>> I didn't think about that.
>> Yeah.
>> Audience, do you prefer tactical or
founder story content? Tell us. Would
you rather sit here and learn how to
optimize your LinkedIn page or hear Josh
Abramson last week talk about, you know,
what it was like 20 years ago to like
sell [laughter] college humor and Vimeo?
[gasps]
Uh, yep. 100% tactical. [laughter]
>> Yeah,
>> it kind of tells you everything you need
to know right there.
>> There's
>> tactical on Zoom, founder stories on
podcast. That's probably
um
>> Yeah,
>> I'll roll with that, Neil. Yeah,
>> the um if I'm going to roast yours a
little bit more here. I think these
images uh need to be resized because I
can't actually read them.
>> Yeah,
>> I agree.
>> Uh
>> I'm going to put that on my list. Redo
these thumbnails. It needs it needs a
fresh
>> Yeah.
>> look anyway.
>> And let's go. I'm curious about the
experience. Well, the activity first of
all, Neil Robertson, did we go to high
school together? Are you that Neil
Robertson? Second activity. Can you pin
that or is that all like just uh is that
just um chronological?
>> You you can't pin, but you could add one
of these to your featured section, but
we already discussed that you shouldn't
do that. The one other thing that I um
unless you have a specific reason, the
other thing that I didn't talk about I
think is really important for people is
this custom button here. So here it says
like visit my website and this is people
really sleep on this. Um so I would have
this with a UTM link in it so you can
track how much website traffic just
comes through your uh your custom button
because you know in in Adam's case he
gets what like how many views do you get
a month? like a million.
>> Uh I get a million 1.3 million per month
and that flows through to I'm going to
show my Google Analytics here. Um that
flows through to
>> I'll stop sharing
>> 7.6,000
uniques a week, which is 30,000 a month.
>> Okay.
>> All from LinkedIn. I mean, literally 85%
from LinkedIn. They're click they're
reading my post and they're clicking
that button and they're going to RB2B.
And so they're coming through that
custom button that we were just looking
at or is it somewhere else?
>> Uh they're they're coming through the
visit my website I think
>> right
>> on that's next to my title on the post
cuz like I think it's the greatest
feature of LinkedIn by the way
>> 100%. It
>> it's incredible that you can get posts
in front of millions of people and that
visit my website can be directly under
>> your description which should kind of be
an indirect CTA,
>> right?
Yeah, I think it's it's definitely the
best feature they've built in the last
few years
>> like by by
>> for sure.
>> Um, so we had the we had the call to
action in the banner because of that
button and and I think I saw this
question earlier like should that call
to action in the banner be different
because we do have that, you know, we
already have that call to action out
there for the website. Should it be a
podcast, a resource, a demo, whatever it
whatever it might be?
>> It really depends on what your like top
business priority is. Like I mean visit
my website is is only relevant for like
offplatform
um things. So if you want to get people
to your uh yeah to your website, your
newsletter, that's generally what I
would recommend. whereas you could have
in your banner just give me a follow.
Um, which is a a softer CTA.
We've got a
>> a question here. Do you recommend visit
my website over book an appointment?
>> I would I would test out both. You may
find if you have book an appointment
that I would track who comes through to
to your book an appointment page and see
what the bounce rate is because it may
be easier to get people to give you
their email address than commit to an
appointment like upfront. And so yeah,
exactly. Uh I think it's it's it
requires less work from them. So that's
how I how I'd think about that.
>> It also could be a big commitment like
the website. Hey, I mean, if you have a
good website, uh, that'll show them even
like that should make them even more
compelled to book a meeting. It's
basically like just another step in the
funnel, you know, we go from here. Now,
of course, there's always funnel decay.
That's why it's a funnel, not a plate,
but like, you know, uh, ultimately
they're going to learn more and if your
website's good, and it's all the more
reason to spend a lot of time on your
website making it good. Uh, but then
they can book a call from there, uh, is
is my philosophy on that in most cases.
So my my my
view look for us it's no question we
don't do demos
and it's a CT it's like a premium sales
funnel where I'm just trying to push as
much qualified traffic as humanly
possible to our our web page. Um so like
and by the way this is also interesting.
Um, so, so it's no, there there's
absolutely no question that I should be
sending people to the website. Here's
the actual numbers of RB2B, which I just
like love. I I I have never done this
before. This is the whole machine,
right? Million impressions a month,
165,000 cold emails per month from
Taylor Herren, 10K uh, ads from
Understory and SEO. Then we have this
show, which you guys are on right now.
Average 250 attendees. I think there's
like 187 max concurrent right now. We
have 50,000 subscribers to our
newsletter, which kind of sucks cuz
we're only promoting the show. I'm
probably going to increase the scope of
that uh in the near future. Then all of
that top of funnel generates 30,000
uniques a month, which I just showed you
at Google Analytics. We do a,000 AI
clone chats with my deli clone um every
month. People asking it questions,
demos, sock 2 stuff, whatever. Then we
get 2,000 free signups from that, which
you can see here. There's last 30 days,
263 new trials. That leads to 264
customers, which is So what's cool is of
30,000 visits, 6.6% people of people
create a free account, which is crazy
because we've done no conversion
optimization. Then 12.5% of them become
customers. And what really crushes us is
the last 30-day cancellations are 180%
and that's like 8% a month. But if you
add all that together, you get 6.2
million ARR in 18 months. And there you
go, ladies and gentlemen. There you have
it. That is RB2B.
>> I'm done. I'm leaving.
[laughter]
>> Do do you find that the um do you find
that the clone is really effective at
driving people onto trial?
We have it trying to encourage people to
sign up for trials in the chat.
I think
the friction by design is so low
>> that it was either the clone or a person
answering the same questions with the
same efficacy. That's my genuine belief
because we had a person doing it before
and now it's just like it's the same
metrics.
The whole bare metrics dashboard is like
identical. So, it's not that I think
it's like those questions need to get
answered somehow and there's a certain
amount of people that will not find the
information on your website. They're
just unwilling to dig for it.
>> Yeah.
>> So,
that's what I think the story is. I
think it's like it it just serves this
incredible 247 function of like
answering the 10 main questions in the
100 longtail that like people end up
having.
>> I think also too because people are
coming in through like your LinkedIn and
your content and kind of the public
persona you have like it is more fun to
choose the voice option or like chat
with you. like even its text is like
clearly you uh which is kind of fun and
it's just like I don't know it's like
it's more intriguing than like hopping
in and and I love Rob. Rob's great
>> but but you know people are like your
face is on the website they come from
your LinkedIn page to there and like
it's just kind of this like fun thing
and it's it's um
>> yeah so I uh I just want to add that's
like another reason we do it should or
you know whatever. So
>> yeah, I'm just curious because I should
probably give it a try myself. Oh yeah,
you you for sure should. For sure.
>> 100%. 100%. Especially it's funny when
it like matches the VO like Yeah, it's
just it's it's incredible. Matches the
tone, the voice. Okay, let's move into
Okay, so we've done a lot of profile
stuff. Um I think what would be great is
folks, uh is there a post that you've
had recently that did not take off even
though you spent a lot of time on it?
You think it's a great story, a great
concept? We're going to pull those up.
We'll do a sh a screen share and uh and
actually go through them. Um so start
dropping in your posts. I'm going to
pull up my LinkedIn uh and do a share
and then we'll start tearing through
here. Um
and this is so much fun.
>> Yeah, this is this is I love when we do
that like Yeah, we let's start here
though.
>> I I can take some of those questions in
the chat in the meantime. So how often
should we be posting content? What's the
general rule from Danielle? I would say
up to once a day,
but I don't think you need to you need
to go more than that.
>> I do three times.
>> I do I do like three
per week right now and then we're doing
one to promote this show
>> and then I'm doing another YouTube
series. I'll probably do another one to
promote that YouTube video. So, I'm
going to be like up to five.
And uh yeah, it it has worked.
I think we say
>> all right first post here
>> and we can go through uh yeah we'll do
about a minute per post so we can get a
lot of them in.
>> So I I also would love people to drop in
the chat what they think is wrong about
it as well because it's useful to just
tune your eye for what is good content.
I mean, the immediate thing that I think
sticks out to me here is I hate
questions as hooks because they require
the reader to do work.
You have to think, is this, have you
ever felt like your kindness is running
dry? The reader has to then think about
this. And personally, it's something
that like I don't really like. I prefer
authority hooks, which would be
something like I built a business with
no VC funding to 20 million ARR
is an authority hook or something that
path interrupts.
>> And can I can I make an argument for the
authority hook that's coming from Alec
Paul? This is just me repeating his
words. So he says you must treat
LinkedIn as though the person has never
heard of you before. It's a professional
network and you have to maximize your
credibility between the description that
they're going to see of you and that
hook. Otherwise,
why the [__] am I going to stop my
scroll here, right? Like, 100% 100%
agree with you.
>> And
yeah, I mean, that's probably the most
important thing. Um,
the the other stuff is like I personally
don't like it. I don't like bold. I
think it's slightly harder to read.
I guess as I as I look through it, it
there's none of your experience in here.
And I think as there's more and more
content created purely by AI because
it's just easier to write stuff, I think
it's even more important to wrap in your
experience into every single post.
>> I don't know, Adam, anything you'd add
to that? No, that
a a governing principle of mine has been
that it's like what in the world of AI
because I shared an office with the
Jasper guys for two years before they
started Jasper and for the two years
after they started Jasper and I was just
looking at what it was doing and it was
doing what Chad GPT is doing now. It's
like what's the only thing this thing is
not going to be able to do? Tell my
stories. That's it. It can tell anybody
else's stories except yours.
Yeah,
>> you can use it to like I've found it be
amazing at summarize like more concisely
and clearly articulating ideas and and
sort of formatting for LinkedIn, but
like the bones have to come from you.
Like they have to from
>> Well, I mean the more valuable stuff is
going to people will value your
experience more than something that is
not your experience because something
that is generic and not experience can
just be created by this thing in one
second.
>> Yeah. And it's going to be everywhere,
right?
>> To give you an example, someone could
two people could leave two people could
talk about the same message. If one
person in their hook says that they have
done some life experience to make people
make [clears throat] it such that people
should listen to them because they have
real experience and authority, that post
is just going to perform better. often
the messages are pretty similar in in
different posts, but you just need to
give a people you just need to give
people a reason to actually listen to
you in the first place. Um, and in
another example of this, just and we'll
move off the topic after I say this, I
was talking to a YouTube guy who's like,
you know, versus all the other people
creating SAS content right now. I have
the ability to say I did this. Whereas
like, you know, Dan Martell, he hasn't
done anything in his SAS company for 15
years, right? So it's like I did this
versus you should do this
>> is like the I did this for the same
reason that you're saying it like deeply
cuts through to an audience who like
>> whether they know it or not, they're
seeking that type of authenticity and
human experience, right? Like
>> 100%. [clears throat]
Okay, now our rant is over. We can uh we
can look at this post.
Hm. So, I'm looking at the hook and as
we go through all these, I'm always just
going to look at the hook first because
that's what makes someone decide whether
to listen or not. And let's read it out
loud. If someone can't make sense of
what you do, it's not their lack of
smarts. Dot dot dot.
>> I'm not really sure what that means to
be honest.
>> Yeah, it's a it's a bit unclear. Like
lack of smarts makes me have to pause
and think. And my usual rule is if I
have to think at all in the hook to then
it's it's probably not a good hook.
So I don't know about you, Adam. What do
you think?
>> Yeah. What's the best hook you think
you've ever written?
>> The best hook I've
>> Oh,
>> I can give you mine.
>> I mean, this is Yeah, tell me.
>> Six Sense just threatened to sue me over
a viral LinkedIn post. [laughter]
see more with the cease and desist
attached.
>> Yeah. And like what that does everyone
is it creates tension and people want to
know the answer. And that's also why
like Adam's
customer support challenge where they
basically said we're going offline for a
week. Is our business going to break?
That's why so many people followed along
because the outcome was unclear
and it was seemed like high stakes. So,
you know, I had a discussion with a a
client yesterday. They're sponsoring a
big conference and we were like, "Okay,
how can we turn this into a spectacle?"
To use Adam's words, and we're going to
say, "It cost us this much to sponsor
this conference. For it to be worth it,
we need to achieve x number of new
clients. How are we going to do this?"
And it does exactly the same thing. So,
you can replicate this for your own
business as well. It just
>> the hook, by the way, I would read that
post. I'm not even going to a
conference, [laughter] you know, like I
just want to know.
>> Yeah.
>> You know,
>> the hook is really like the trailer,
too. Like I mean, you know, like folks,
I mean, think of when you like watch a
movie trailer. I mean, every usually
when everyone watches a good movie
trailer and then they see the movie,
they say, "Well, all the good things
were in the trailer." Like, [__]
obviously. They're not going to put the
bad stuff in there. You need to put like
all of the You kind of want to like put
all the juice up front and
win their attention. win a minute of
them to read and then, you know, kind of
intrigue them through like have it be
thoughtful and well spaced and
everything so they can kind of rip
through, but like like let them know
exactly what they're about to get out of
this post. I mean, that's that's what
the hook is all about.
>> Yeah.
>> Why did Why does Six Sense want to sue
Adam? Like I definitely want to know.
>> Yeah. [laughter]
>> So much tension.
>> And uh
>> All right, let's go to the next one
here. All right,
>> we have our friend Timmy going up. All
right,
>> Timmy. Timmy, Timmy.
>> Timmy's strategy of of waterboarding
everybody else worked or whatever it is.
>> This chicken suit thing. Well, by the
way, can we just can we just talk about
the Yeah. Yeah. Good job, Timmy. Chicken
suit. Chicken uh emoji. Do you like it?
Just off the bat.
I think it's interesting.
>> Oh, sorry. You talking to me or you
talking to
>> Yeah. Just I don't know. I've never seen
someone with a chicken suit and then a
chicken emoji in their name. I I
>> It definitely makes me stop my scroll.
Um I also think the hook is actually
good.
I think my career started after getting
robbed three times uh two times with a
knife. I think you could probably you
probably don't need this like this the
both these details. The fact that you
got robbed three times and twice with a
knife. I could I think you could just
say my career started after getting
robbed twice with a knife just for
simplicity.
Now let's have a look what is next
>> or three times with a knife for
embellishment.
>> Yeah, exactly.
Now open my first 21.
I guess
like as I read through this post now I
don't really know what the point is that
you're making or the reader.
So, if I like I look at the top, I see
that you're a HubSpot.
You help with like HubSpot playbooks and
now I'm reading what feels like your
career story. I think it it feels a bit
like a a story dump rather than uh
something that is serving your audience.
So, you might want to bring in some
relevant parts of what you did. So, for
example, here's what self-defense
here's what a self-defense school taught
me about HubSpot
or something along those lines because
that just like creates a bit more
also ties in
>> and and uh I was I was watching this
fabulous YouTube video which man I'll
try to find it before the end of the
thing. It was Greg Eisenberg and
interviewing this guy named Nick Casease
and he takes Eisenberg's
idea and creates a fully fleshed out
post. One thing that Nick Casease said
was
the internet has made us incredibly
good at just glancing at a post and
trying to pick out the basically three
bullet summary of it. Right. So like I
was kind of scanning that and like
halfway down I'm like why why am I
reading this? Right? Like I still is
another way of what you said. It's like
I should be able to glance at it and
like subliminally I should be getting it
pulled in deeper with the value that I'm
actually going to get out of it and it
wasn't evident like halfway through.
>> Yeah. And I think just to summarize that
point, we've now looked at both bookends
where someone doesn't talk about
anything related to their story in their
post and then someone just talks about
their own story that's not relevant for
the target audience. And you actually
want to be in the middle where you bring
in stories that make a point that your
target audience cares about.
>> And and by the way, those are my best
posts.
>> You know what I mean? Like it's not like
a listicle. It's like a story about I
I'll find one and drop it in. It's like
a story about like my VC backed friend
who wasted 13 years told me I wasn't
ambitious enough and then like wound
down his business the month that we made
a million dollars of profit, right? Like
>> super relevant for my audience, right?
But like an actual hero's journey within
the post,
>> you know?
>> Yeah, I remember reading that post and
be like, "Wow, that's a great story."
>> Okay, on to this one.
The recent Drift and Salesforce issues
have caused a lot of disruption,
especially for marketing teams that rely
on it for the web chat and email reply
management through drift email. What
does everyone think in the tra in the
chat?
For me, this just feels like a
description as a hook. It's not It
doesn't make me curious
about what happens next. What about you,
Adam?
Yeah, it's like
I want edutainment. This is like edgu,
you know, like uh
m maybe if I were like if if like tune
was like the the level of uh who who's
the guy who like yells about stocks
online and he's always wrong about it or
on the
>> Kramer.
if you were like Jim Kramer and like
people are like known for his anal and
people are just like that analysis I'm
I'm used to reading it every day that's
what I'm showing up for. Um
but I think you would need to do that
for 10 years to like build an audience
of people that are like you know the
same audience that will I have built in
a year. It's just going to be a very
long road trying to build an audience
without the fundamentals of attention
that are necessary to like dominate
social media. Uh doing that like I want
something to make this is just it's it's
too the analysis is too dry in my
opinion.
>> I think that's a great kind of place to
kind of wrap things up like you if you
are writing you are writing for people's
entertainment. This is the reason that
when you ask people what their favorite
business book, 0% of people recommend a
textbook, right? Like you do want it to
be sort of inter like you want some good
story in there. You want to learn
something. Uh we are pretty greedy with
our attention. Uh you know there's just
so many things that can occupy it and um
no one is compelled to read your post.
Uh you need to make them curious and
curiosity is kind of the the best word
to sum up that first sentence that we've
we've been going through here. Um, will
dude, I mean, come on. This was a great
show. Thank you so much for joining.
>> Great.
>> This was fantastic. Um,
>> turn into a badass episode on YouTube,
too.
>> That's right. It will be live on YouTube
Friday. Uh, and everywhere else that you
get your podcasts. Next week, we have
Sam Dunning. He's going to talk about
SEO. And I'm going to ask him point
blank, is it even working these days?
Uh, I'm going to show him how much
>> is it worth it? Is it worth it to do
anything?
to work do anything. And can you get
these bots to recommend your stuff? Like
I got a lot of questions for Sam. We're
going to ask all of them. Uh thank you
all for joining. We will be back next
week and uh
>> Will, let's let's do this again
sometime, Will. I think there's other
parts of LinkedIn we could probably
explore with equal
>> Oh, there there's so much
>> sort of uh whatever. So yeah, we'll hit
you up.
>> We scratched the surface. All right,
take care. Bye, everyone.
>> Thanks, Will. Bye everybody.